readme.md, before:

AUTOMATIC NODETITLE
===================

CONTENTS OF THIS FILE
---------------------

 - Introduction
 - Tested
 - Known Issues
 - Special Thanks
 - Requirements
 - Installation
 - Coming From Drupal?
 - Usage
 - License
 - Credits
 - Maintainers

INTRODUCTION
------------

This is a small and efficent module that allows hiding of the content title field in the form.
To prevent empty content title fields it sets the title to the content type name or to an
configurable string. It is possible to use various content data for the autogenerated title,
e.g. the token [current-user:name] is going to be replaced with the currently logged in
users name. If the token module is installed, a list of possible replacement patterns
will be shown.

Advanced users can also provide some PHP code, that is used for automatically generating an
appropriate title.

TESTED
-----

Created some auto-titles from text and PHP nodes in Backdrop 1.0

KNOWN ISSUES
---------------------

@todo
- integration with token module is not working in Backdrop 1.0

SPECIAL THANKS
--------------

Wolfgang Ziegler, nuppla@zites.net

REQUIREMENTS
------------

none

INSTALLATION
------------

Install this module using the official Backdrop CMS instructions at https://backdropcms.org/guide/modules

* (optional) Download and install the token module in order to get token
   replacement help.
* Copy the module's directory to your modules directory and activate the module.
* For each content type you want to have an automatic title, configure the
   module at 'admin/structure/types'.

COMING FROM DRUPAL?
-------------------

Nothing substantially different.

PERMISSIONS
------------

@todo


USAGE
-----

@todo

Advanced Use: PHP Code
------------------------
 You can access $node from your php code. Look at this simple example, which just adds the node's
 author as title:

<?php return "Author: $node->name"; ?>


 Advanced Use: Combining tokens and PHP
 ---------------------------------------

 You can combine php evalution with the token module, because tokens are replaced first.
 However be aware to don't use this with any textual values provided by users as this would
 open a security hole. If you are in doubt, don't combine tokens with php evaluation.

 Here is an example:

<?php
  $token = '[field_testnumber]';
  if (empty($token)) {
    return '[type]';
  }
  else {
    return $token;
  }
?>

 So if the text of the number field [field_testnumber] isn't empty it will be used as title.
 Otherwise the node type will be used.


 Updating nodetitles from existing nodes
 ---------------------------------------
 If you set the nodetitle to be auto generated for some content type, existing nodes
 are not affected. You can update existing nodes by going to 'admin/content',
 then filter for your content type, mark some nodes and choose the "Update option"
 "Update automatic nodetitles".


LICENSE
-------

This project is GPL v2 software. See the LICENSE.txt file in this directory for complete text.

CREDITS
-----------

This module is based on the Auto NodeTitle module for Drupal, originally written and maintained by a large number of contributors, including:

- Wolfgang Ziegler <https://www.drupal.org/u/fago>

MAINTAINERS
-----------

- seeking

Ported to Backdrop by:

 - biolithic <https://github.com/biolithic>

Commit message:

integration with Backdrop 1.1 and Token

readme.md, after:

AUTOMATIC NODETITLE
===================

CONTENTS OF THIS FILE
---------------------

 - Introduction
 - Tested
 - Known Issues
 - Special Thanks
 - Requirements
 - Installation
 - Coming From Drupal?
 - Usage
 - License
 - Credits
 - Maintainers

INTRODUCTION
------------

This is a small and efficent module that allows hiding of the content title field in the form.
To prevent empty content title fields it sets the title to the content type name or to an
configurable string. It is possible to use various content data for the autogenerated title,
e.g. the token [current-user:name] is going to be replaced with the currently logged in
users name.

A list of possible replacement patterns for the title on click/tap insertion is available using the core Token system of Backdrop.

PHP generation of titles is commented out because of obvious security hazards, but advanced users can modify this module to eval on demand PHP code for titles.  This is not recommended.

TESTED
-----

Created some auto-titles from text and token nodes in Backdrop 1.1 .

KNOWN ISSUES
---------------------

This module requires Backdrop 1.1 or higher.

SPECIAL THANKS
--------------

Wolfgang Ziegler, nuppla@zites.net

REQUIREMENTS
------------

none

INSTALLATION
------------

Install this module using the official Backdrop CMS instructions at https://backdropcms.org/guide/modules

* (optional) Download and install the token module in order to get token
   replacement help.
* Copy the module's directory to your modules directory and activate the module.
* For each content type you want to have an automatic title, configure the
   module at 'admin/structure/types'.

COMING FROM DRUPAL?
-------------------

Nothing substantially different.

PERMISSIONS
------------

@todo


USAGE
-----

@todo

Advanced Use: PHP Code
------------------------
 You can access $node from your php code. Look at this simple example, which just adds the node's
 author as title:

<?php return "Author: $node->name"; ?>


 Advanced Use: Combining tokens and PHP
 ---------------------------------------

 You can combine php evalution with the token module, because tokens are replaced first.
 However be aware to don't use this with any textual values provided by users as this would
 open a security hole. If you are in doubt, don't combine tokens with php evaluation.

 Here is an example:

<?php
  $token = '[field_testnumber]';
  if (empty($token)) {
    return '[type]';
  }
  else {
    return $token;
  }
?>

 So if the text of the number field [field_testnumber] isn't empty it will be used as title.
 Otherwise the node type will be used.


LICENSE
-------

This project is GPL v2 software. See the LICENSE.txt file in this directory for complete text.

CREDITS
-----------

This module is based on the Auto NodeTitle module for Drupal, originally written and maintained by a large number of contributors, including:

- Wolfgang Ziegler <https://www.drupal.org/u/fago>

MAINTAINERS
-----------

- seeking

Ported to Backdrop by:

 - biolithic <https://github.com/biolithic>
